README.md, before:

📄 Licens og ophavsret

Dette projekt anvender Leaflet, et open source JavaScript-bibliotek and leaflet R package from the  til interaktive kort.

Leaflet er udviklet af Volodymyr Agafonkin og CloudMade, og distribueres under BSD 2-Clause License:

Copyright (c) 2010–2025, Volodymyr Agafonkin
Copyright (c) 2010–2011, CloudMade
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README with project overview and structure
Added project details including code structure and data files.

README.md, after:

Code generates page: https://madsheiselberg.github.io/MFDmap_154/

Code structure:
  index.html -> HTML page for map data that is the page
  Rmarkdown -> Folder contaning Rmarkdonw code to convert R code to HTML.
    MicrofloraDanica.Rmd -> The Rmarkdown file generation the map when knitted to HTML
    process_data.R -> R File which filtes and cleans the Manually currated datafile from the paper.
    Data/
      "41564_2025_2062_MOESM3_ESM.xls" -> Raw data from Paper containg naming, and GPS coordinates
      "data_clean_bynavnetjek.csv" -> manually check transtaled Danish city names from english to Danish
      "shinyapp_data_done.csv" -> The datafile used for the map in the Rmarkdown file.

📄 Licens og ophavsret

Dette projekt anvender Leaflet, et open source JavaScript-bibliotek and leaflet R package from the  til interaktive kort.

Leaflet er udviklet af Volodymyr Agafonkin og CloudMade, og distribueres under BSD 2-Clause License:

Copyright (c) 2010–2025, Volodymyr Agafonkin
Copyright (c) 2010–2011, CloudMade
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
